Add STDOUT redirect to security auto-conf skip. (#91165)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/configuring-stack-security.asciidoc

If any of those checks fail, there's a good indication that you
<<manually-configure-security,manually configured security>>, or don't want
security to be configured automatically. In these cases, the node starts
normally using the existing configuration.

> IMPORTANT: Security auto configuration is also skipped if output is redirected.
> If log redirection is needed, start {es} without redirection for the first time,
> and with redirection for all subsequent starts.
> Auto configured credentials are only intended to be seen once on a terminal, and not captured in a log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you redirect {es} output to a file, security autoconfiguration is skipped.
Autoconfigured credentials can only be viewed on the terminal the first time you start {es}.
If you need to redirect output to a file, start {es} without redirection the first time
and use redirection on all subsequent starts.
```
